[VSEE-1071] Add IVS CarbonBlack scan sample (#2559)
pivotal/docs-tap: scst-scan/app-scanning-alpha.hbs.md

### <a id="integrating-with-ootb-supply-chain"></a> Integrating with the Out of the Box Supply Chain

#### <a id=""></a> Customizing your own ImageVulnerabilityScan

> See [here](./custom-ivs-samples.md) for custom samples of ImageVulnerabilityScan CRs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VMware provides several examples on how to bring your own scanner using samples of ImageVulnerabilityScan CRs [here](./custom-ivs-samples.md).
```
